Add dg kernels to MFEM backend (#32267)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/mfem/kernels/MFEMDGDiffusionKernel.md

> # MFEMDGDiffusionKernel

Reviewer: This documentation needs updating.

# MFEMDGDiffusionKernel

!if! function=hasCapability('mfem')

## Overview

Adds the domain integrator for integrating the bilinear form

!equation
(k\vec\nabla u, \vec\nabla v)_\Omega \,\,\, \forall v \in V

where $u, v \in H^1$ and $k$ is a scalar diffusivity coefficient.

This term arises from the weak form of the Laplacian operator

!equation

> - \vec\nabla \cdot \left( k \vec\nabla u \right)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This one is much the same as the [regular diffusion kernel](source/mfem/kernels/MFEMDiffusionKernel.md), except

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This kernel complements the [regular diffusion kernel](source/mfem/kernels/MFEMDiffusionKernel.md), except
```

this is applied to the bilinear form via the method `AddInteriorFaceIntegrator`.

> `createBFIntegrator` returns a `mfem::DGDiffusionIntegrator` ([see mfem docs for more info](https://docs.mfem.org/html/classmfem_1_1DGDiffusionIntegrator.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`createBFIntegrator()` returns an `mfem::DGDiffusionIntegrator` ([see mfem docs for more info](https://docs.mfem.org/html/classmfem_1_1DGDiffusionIntegrator.html)).
```

> `createBFIntegrator()` returns an `mfem::DGDiffusionIntegrator` ([see mfem docs for more info](https://docs.mfem.org/html/classmfem_1_1DGDiffusionIntegrator.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`createBFIntegrator()` returns an [`mfem::DGDiffusionIntegrator`](https://docs.mfem.org/html/classmfem_1_1DGDiffusionIntegrator.html).
```
